README.md, before:

github-trac
===========

I have unofficially taken this project over. Forks of this project should happen here, not upstream. (Déjà vu!)

This Trac plugin is designed to accept a [GitHub Post-Receive hook](https://help.github.com/articles/post-receive-hooks).
It is designed to work with Trac 1.0 and later using the built-in Git and multi-repository support.

Installation
------------

1. `easy_install https://github.com/csnover/github-trac/archive/master.zip`
2. Enable the plugin in the admin interface (you may need to restart Trac and/or your Web server for it to appear)
3. Go to your GitHub repository’s Settings → Service Hooks page and choose “Trac”
4. Set URL to the URL to your Trac installation
5. Set Token to a randomly generated secret (just make one up!)
6. Add the following configuration to your trac.ini:

   ```ini
   [github]
   secret = <the random shared secret entered as the “Token” in your GitHub settings>
   closed_status = closed # optional, defaults to "closed"
   resync = True # optional, but recommended; ensures your Trac repos are in sync after a GH commit
   ```
7. Add your Git repositories to Trac, following the recommendations below if

Code browser and changeset viewer
---------------------------------

The code browser portion of the plugin is designed to replace the code browser built into Trac with a
redirect to the GitHub source browser, if desired.

In order for this to work, when you add your Git repositories to Trac, *you must set the URL for the repository to its
URL at GitHub*. Once this is set, browsing to paths or viewing changesets will redirect to the appropriate GitHub page.

Commit message format
---------------------

The commit hook is designed to close or mark tickets that are attached to a commit message.

It searches commit messages for text in the form of:

```
command #1
command #1, #2
command #1 & #2
command #1 and #2
```

Instead of the short-hand syntax "#1", "ticket:1" can be used as well, which is handy for avoiding GitHub linking
to its own issue tracker:

```
command ticket:1
command ticket:1, ticket:2
command ticket:1 & ticket:2
command ticket:1 and ticket:2
```

You can combine multiple commands in one commit message as well. For example:

```
Fixes #1, #2. Refs #3.
```

[List of available commands](https://github.com/csnover/github-trac/blob/master/github/hook.py#L76-L87)

Commit message:

Update readme to finish that thought, and add important information about ensuring the mirrored repository for Trac updates properly.

README.md, after:

github-trac
===========

I have unofficially taken this project over. Forks of this project should happen here, not upstream. (Déjà vu!)

This Trac plugin is designed to accept a [GitHub Post-Receive hook](https://help.github.com/articles/post-receive-hooks).
It is designed to work with Trac 1.0 and later using the built-in Git and multi-repository support.

Installation
------------

1. `easy_install https://github.com/csnover/github-trac/archive/master.zip`
2. Enable the plugin in the admin interface (you may need to restart Trac and/or your Web server for it to appear)
3. Go to your GitHub repository’s Settings → Service Hooks page and choose “Trac”
4. Set URL to the URL to your Trac installation
5. Set Token to a randomly generated secret (just make one up!)
6. Add the following configuration to your trac.ini:

   ```ini
   [github]
   secret = <the random shared secret entered as the “Token” in your GitHub settings>
   closed_status = closed # optional, defaults to "closed"
   resync = True # optional, but recommended; ensures your Trac repos are in sync after a GH commit
   ```
7. Add your Git repositories to Trac, following the recommendations below if you want your code browser/changeset
   viewer to redirect to GitHub.

**Important:** When you clone your GitHub repositories for Trac, make sure that you use `git clone --mirror`. If you
use `git clone --bare`, your Trac repository will *not* resync properly after a changeset.

Code browser and changeset viewer
---------------------------------

The code browser portion of the plugin is designed to replace the code browser built into Trac with a
redirect to the GitHub source browser, if desired.

In order for this to work, when you add your Git repositories to Trac, *you must set the URL for the repository to its
URL at GitHub*. Once this is set, browsing to paths or viewing changesets will redirect to the appropriate GitHub page.

Commit message format
---------------------

The commit hook is designed to close or mark tickets that are attached to a commit message.

It searches commit messages for text in the form of:

```
command #1
command #1, #2
command #1 & #2
command #1 and #2
```

Instead of the short-hand syntax "#1", "ticket:1" can be used as well, which is handy for avoiding GitHub linking
to its own issue tracker:

```
command ticket:1
command ticket:1, ticket:2
command ticket:1 & ticket:2
command ticket:1 and ticket:2
```

You can combine multiple commands in one commit message as well. For example:

```
Fixes #1, #2. Refs #3.
```

[List of available commands](https://github.com/csnover/github-trac/blob/master/github/hook.py#L76-L87)
